Treasure the Light info

The two web addresses that we currently possess are: treasurethelight.org and treasurethelight.com
I thought they needed the www in front, but maybe they don't?  not sure about that.

Loretta Bio:
I grew up in a non-Christian home and knew nothing about God. I was 24 when I learned the story of creation for the first time. God used many people to plant little seeds that eventually drew me to Him.  After studying with a Bible instructor I was baptized at the age of 25 and experienced the joy, love, and forgiveness of accepting Jesus as my personal Savior.  At the age of 30 I married a pastor and we have had many adventures together learning about God's persistent love. 

Testimony:
I had two abortions, one before I became a Christian and one after.  The difference for me was huge!  This second abortion became a deep secret that imprisoned me for over thirty years!  I just could not believe that God would still love me!  How could GOD reach me and draw ME out of my dark prison?  It wasn't until I chose to believe that God's promises were for me that He was able to begin setting this captive free!  And when I finally began to share my deep secret I experienced even more freedom and a much closer walk with God!

Favorite Scripture:

Jeremiah 31:3 I have loved you with an everlasting love; I have drawn you with loving-kindness.

Deuteronomy 31:8The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.

John 8:12: I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.

// John 8:32: Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.

2 Thessalonians 3:5 May the Lord direct your heart into God's love and Christ's perseverance.

Revelation 12:11 They triumphed over him (Satan) by the blood of the Lamb (Jesus) and by the word of their testimony; they did not love their lives so much as to shrink from death.


Mission Statement: 
The purpose of Treasure the Light is to help people value the truth of God's Word and break free from the lies that hold them captive.  We help them understand the truth about God's character as He reveals Himself in His Word the Bible.

